Previously on ghost.
Even if I were to pull a
congressman out of a hat.
the contract's contingent
upon us citizenship.
which you don't have.
I need someone who
can make this work.
Marry me.
You said I should start
thinking more strategic. right?
And you need citizenship
to make you legit.
That's what you needed mecca for.
Just business.
Shit. that's up to you.
Right now. this is what matters to noma.
Aircraft global. it
washes her drug money.
Aircraft global must be
owned by an American citizen.
- Cane.
- Exactly.
You should have told
me. Why didn't you?
I didn't know she was
gonna wave the ring
in your fucking face.
Listen. she's just trying
to make it seem like
something that it's not.
That's not what I asked you.
It's business.
I can deal with that.
This is valuable intel. cane.
I know. if he found out that
Carter's task force was dirty.
the raid on the stash spots.
pocketing product and cash.
We know your operation.
Detective Carter's who we want.
The reach is global. right?
What do you have in mind?
Seven figures up front
and ongoing payments.
You're not gonna fuckin' believe this.
Noma tried to flip me.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
So how do you want to handle this?
When you're surrounded by enemies.
you resort to whatever
weapons you have handy.
Tariq St. Patrick and monet tejada
said you're after me.
They said some unflattering
things about you as well.
Common enemy.
Why not common goal?
Add that shit up.
I thought you stopped cussin'
after you got saved Janet.
You see this shit?
Your fuckin' brother askin'
about his fake ass wedding.
Ain't got shit to do with me.
Well. it has something to do with me.
This wedding is the only reason bronze
- and I came into town.
- Janet please.
You just don't know the half. Just relax.
No.
Do not tell me y'all not goin'.
Monet. that is your son.
And that is your brother.
You can miss me
with the blood is thicker
bs that I know is comin'. all right?
Okay. just a reminder.
today's exam and the
essay that's due next week.
are gonna make up your final grade.
Pass those down please.
Miss morales. either put the phone away
or excuse yourself from my class.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
whenever you're ready. you can begin.
Now is the time.
D. what's wrong?
Yo.
B. what the fuck are you doin'
on my bed with your shoes on?
I thought you was movin' in with Elle.
what are you doing here?
Why are you such a fuckin' dick?
Why are you such a simp?
Think every bitch that sluts
you out is your soul mate.
Okay. but it doesn't make
her not my soul mate.
So has your soul mate texted you back?
Exactly.
Listen man. you dodged
a fuckin' bullet. okay?
You might not have seen it.
but that was a fucking distraction for you.
for me. for-for everything.
And right now. we-we gotta
be more focused than ever.
Yeah. you're right riq. you're right.
This nigga.
Yo. what do you want?
Tariq. so glad you answered my call.
I hate it when I gotta
hunt motherfuckers down.
Yeah. whatever. What is it?
Straight to business. I like that.
Look. I got a rogue dealer
operating out of an abandoned
amusement park called
Vicky's on staten island.
I need you to go check him out.
Don't you have cops for that?
Yeah. but see. cops would scare
these little young niggas away.
Whereby you.
you fit right in with your skinny jeans
and they them bullshit.
Yeah. like I said. you
guys are the professionals.
You guys got it.
What I got is you.
And I'm expecting your
little ass to go out there
and get me a fuckin' name.
Now go when it's dark. go alone.
and keep your fucking mouth shut.
You got it?
All right fine.
Damn.
My predecessor. eyy.
What are you two talkin' about?
- Fuck it man.
- This is always you.
You always sayin' some wild shit. man.
Yo. that ain't my man.
That's called gator's body wash. bro.
Yes!
What up Doe?
Fuck y'all shit smelling
motherfuckers
kee-keeing about over here.
Hey. we just tryin' to figure out
if he reports to you or
that new motherfucker.
What's that new nigga name?
Terrell?
No. no. no. Terrence. Or maybe it's Tyler.
Yeah. all right.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Chill. chill. chill.
He talkin' about tariq.
What about tariq?
Where does Carter
send him on the run?
A'ight. there's a new
dealer in staten island
not playing by Carter's
rules. You know how that go.
Yeah. we just wonderin'.
since you Carter's man.
why didn't he send you?
Is there anything else?
Vicky's amusement park is the spot.
Let's wrap this up
before I have to go ham on this fool.
So I can't stand... Try it nigga!
No sensitive ass niggas.
Fuck!
Noma. where are your new in-laws?
You know. I'm glad our
father couldn't make this trip.
This would surely affirm his belief
that Americans lack tact.
They'll be here soon.
Mhm.
To be married again.
after losing your ex-husband so recently.
Have the Italians arrested
anyone for lombardi's murder?
No.
Not yet.
It's such a shame.
Yes. it's very upsetting.
I don't understand the shift to the states
and the need for
government contracts here.
Is it because of lombardi's murder?
There's no need to worry. okay?
I have everything under control.
Then explain your new fiancé.
You've always had a
penchant for the help.
But you have outdone yourself this time.
You're such a fucking snob. chinedu.
Have I ever said anything
about your countless whores?
Have I?
You have.
And I have never married any of them.
Your new family?
The hell are you doin' here?
Nigga. you think we wanted to come?
Look. you said you wanted me here.
So you get your brother and your sister.
- We can just fuckin' leave.
- No.
Of course. everyone's welcome.
Come in. Please.
Shut yo ass up.
You know. I am your biggest supporter.
I like your home. cane.
- Thank you.
- Very architectural.
Well-well that's-that's. that's the first cap.
because technically.
he don't own this place.
He and I used to live here together
until cane so graciously kicked me out.
Well. that's not really
the point now. is it dru?
Well. I guess you forgot
that I said you and
your brother can live here
until I sell it.
That's weird.
because you told me
that you own the place.
I guess that bar salary
doesn't quite cut it?
Bar?
Yes. Didn't I tell you?
The tejada family
are the proud owners of a local bistro.
Pfft. Bistro is a stretch.
It's a dive bar in queens.
Well. that dive bar was built
by my mother and late father
from the ground up in queens.
- It has a ton of character.
- Like you and your family.
Cane. what do you do?
Well. I worked in the family
business my entire life.
More recently. I started
working with noma.
and I am very impressed
how she's been running her company.
Her company?
Actually. it's more of a family enterprise.
Yes. chinedu.
They're aware that
it's a family enterprise.
Damn boy. you don't know
shit about these motherfuckers.
do you?
This ain't all rainbows and roses after all.
So what do you do?
Now isn't the time to
discuss business. yeah?
You're right.
So. how did you and cane meet?
We don't need to go over that again.
No. wait. But it's your rehearsal dinner.
What else should we be talking about?
Exactly.
What else would we be talking about?
Did you know that me and
noma share a mutual friend.
Dante Spears. Mecca.
Yes. yes.
He worked for your family's enterprise.
- Mhm.
- Right?
You knew mecca?
They grew up together.
I knew mecca and now
she's engaged to my son.
Well. aren't we just one big happy family.
Anya. can you help me
gather the plates please?
Don't we have the help for that?
Anya! Help.
- Please!
- There you go.
And chinedu. why don't
you enjoy the views. yeah?
- You're right.
- It's amazing.
I should get some fresh air.
Dru and Diana can
how about y'all help
clean up these plates. too?
- Nah.
- Nigga what?
- Your little baby got it.
- Help!
Please go help your brother.
'cause he needs some help right now.
- Man. this is nice cane.
- Yeah.
We need to talk.
Bet we do need to talk.
You ignorin' all my texts.
Talkin' shit like you on
an episode of housewives.
You know I can blow up your spot. right?
You want noma to know
you and the 2 live crew
out there working with a cop?
You invited me cane.
Yes. because we gotta
make this shit look legit
when ice start askin' questions.
Not so you can fuckin' embarrass me.
Man. chill the fuck out.
We gonna be at your little
funky ass wedding. okay?
You're so damn persistent.
I still can't believe you about
to marry this uppity bitch.
Look ma.
I know you don't understand
what all is going on.
but you bein' here. I
appreciate that real talk.
You know. when Lorenzo got locked up.
you didn't have to step up.
You was a fuckin' child.
but you did that shit anyway.
And I know I don't say this often.
but. you a good son. cane.
You mean you never say that shit?
Say that again. I need to hear that.
You right. I never say it.
But you deserve more
than me talkin' down to you.
Nah ma. you did all you can.
You know. we turned out all right.
At least I did. you know.
Dru's always been a little bitch.
and Diana's a little crazy.
Look. we all fuckin' crazy.
But at the end of the
day. we family first. forever.
Now. are you sure you
want to do this. son?
Yeah.
Yeah. noma's good for me.
It's a good thing. Know what I
mean. she'll make me partner.
Aw. cane.
She's never gonna be
able to see you as a equal.
She's only makin' you feel good
because you got something she want.
Nah. ma. That's how you roll.
Look. I know you takin'
her for your little bitch
and all that. and I get it.
But get this cane.
noma ain't the one.
You can't trust her.
Are we interrupting something?
Nah. just monet being monet.
All right. well.
bronze just called.
they're already at the bar.
You can talk.
Thought your head was
so far up Carter's asshole.
- you couldn't talk.
- Okay. don't do that cane.
We came here for you.
Wait. wait.
Is there any like. raids I
should know about dru?
Are there any more buildings
you and noma want to buy
out from underneath me?
Grow the fuck up cane.
I am grown nigga. maybe if you
handled business like a man
- I handle business.
- Hey. hey. hey stop!
Stop!
Shut the fuck up!
Go out. Have a good time.
All right. get out my face.
Go!
And don't do no nasty shit at my bar.
I'll be right there for when
noma kicks your ass to the curb.
Yeah.
Monet. we should talk.
What?
Talk.
Monet. I want us to get along. okay?
I'm marrying your son. for god's sakes.
What the fuck does
that have to do with me?
Okay look. I shouldn't have
kicked you out of the business.
Yeah. We're family.
- We should act as such.
- Fuck your family business.
I don't want back in.
but I do want my kids taken care of.
And as a mother. I
know you understand that.
Yeah. well.
in what way can I assist you with that?
Money.
Lots of it.
Fortunately.
I-I don't allow large sums of
cash to sit around unattended.
Okay. I prefer to invest. but
I do have access to product.
And you clearly know
what to do with that.
There's an abandoned
amusement park on staten island
with a food stand. filled
with all types of goodies.
Yeah?
Everything inside of
it now belongs to you.
He's waiting for you now.
What do you want in return?
Let's consider this
an attempt to strengthen
our newfound familial ties.
But it's a clean slate from here on out.
Deal?
Yeah.
Cane!
- You feel me?
- What's up bro?
I'm good dawg.
I know it sound good. but cane.
your shawty is a billionaire.
- And she a baddie. right?
- Yeah.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Can y'all believe that shit?
A store with some real bread.
There's no one thing I don't like.
- No one thing I don't feel.
- What's that?
That my cousin ain't even
invited me to the trop party.
And we got the biggest.
When I say the biggest.
I mean the biggest
drug empire in the world.
Nigga. I'm gonna need you
to lower your fuckin' voice.
- please.
- Why you say that?
Has orange found me again?
I get what you sayin'.
but you never know
when the feds is watchin'.
Nigga. suck my dick.
Don't be shady.
Hey listen. this guy stay wild in'.
- Don't even listen to him.
- What you mean. I'm wild in'?
Look. fuck all that.
- We celebratin'.
- You right.
- This about cane.
This about cane and
his last time servin' dick.
How-how you holdin'
up? I'm worried about you.
I don't understand how people
expect me to go from being
a pregnant college student
to almost dyin' in the middle of a alley.
to ruinin' a little boy's life.
then back to being a
college student all over again.
That shits mad heavy for me.
I walked out of an exam today.
Didn't even write my name
on it. It's like when I'm in class.
I'm focused on everything but class.
And when I'm in the streets. I don't know.
it's like all I can think about is school.
Dru. I can't help but.
I can't shake this feeling
that I lost something.
And I'm not just talkin' about the baby.
I fuckin' feel lost.
You don't gotta deal with
any of that by yourself.
I got you.
I believe that.
You want to hear somethin' wild?
An art curator thinks
that I might be talented
enough for a fellowship in Paris.
Stop lyin'.
I kind of wish I was.
You know how much I love drawing.
And it's been-it's been a-a dream.
But working with Carter
has its advantages.
Ain't no way workin' for
a dirty ass cop like Carter
is an advantage. dru.
No. it's not like that.
The power and feeling
needed. appreciated.
I didn't know I fucking needed that.
but could be all wrong.
Looks like Carter's pushin' me out.
- Okay.
- Fuck it man. let's
we here you know.
You want a lap dance by a girl?
Fuck no.
Have you talked to monet?
Losing cane.
I know she heard me.
She'll be a'ight.
I'm gonna check on her.
Make sure she good.
Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice message.
Where is she?
Janet?
Fuckin' Janet.
Hey d.
Hey. auntie. Is my mom with you?
No. I don't know where she is.
She was supposed to stop by.
but cane's new wifey sent
her out to staten island.
Staten island? For what?
I-I don't know. do I sound like miss Cleo?
Okay.
Thank you.
Get off the phone. Enjoy
yourself. have a drink.
My bad.
Ain't no skinny niggas named tariq
comin' through to flirt with?
- Ooh. you got jokes?
- Ooh. I do.
Well. how's your mistress in here
and you not even married yet?
- Turn around.
- Mistress.
Mistress. A whole mistress.
So. anybody see you come in here?
You know noma can't
know that you here.
Ain't nobody tryin' to fuck
up your little marriage cane.
- Relax.
- All right then. what's up?
What's up is you switched my
fucking drop without telling me.
Nah. nah. nah. Everything's copasetic.
Same shit every time.
It's not the same shit.
There's some random
Russian niggas sayin'.
vadim's going to staten island.
Can we talk. please?
Yeah.
Dru. something's off.
Janet said noma sent
monet to staten island
and now vadim is there too.
See how I was sayin' that I
think Carter's pushin' me out.
He sent tariq to do a job on staten island.
So. you're telling me monet.
tariq and vadim are all on staten island.
and they were sent by noma and Carter.
That shit sus as fuck. We gotta go.
Come on.
Get off me. you fucking.
How.
confident are you in your
decision to marry cane?
This has nothing to do with that.
So. you're really getting
married tomorrow?
Yeah.
Shit's about to be different for all of us.
I don't get you.
You're committing
yourself to wild ass noma.
It is what it is. you know.
It don't gotta make sense to nobody else.
as long as it makes sense to me.
It's all that matters.
Make it make sense.
Because you're getting
married tomorrow.
but you're fucking me tonight.
Me marrying noma has
nothing to do with you.
All right. you want to go to
Stanford and build robots?
Cool.
But I want to be bumpy Johnson.
You know. frank Lucas. Nicky Barnes.
And being with noma gets me that.
- How'd they end up?
- Immortal.
Look.
I don't shit on your robot dreams
'cause it don't make sense to me.
So don't shit on mines.
You're right.
At the end of the semester.
I'm going to California.
so I need out.
Like forever cane. 'cause I can't do this.
I can't do this life.
I don't want you to do this life.
But I also don't want to lie to you.
Then don't.
What's the real?
I'm about to be running
the entire operation.
Both sides.
- But?
- But it's still noma's business.
You wanted in the game. now you in.
And the games for life.
Look. I can try to talk to her.
That's the best I can do.
The fuck are you doing here. tariq?
Carter sent me.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Noma sent me.
Shit! Look. this is a fucking setup.
Fuck!
Put your fucking guns
on the ground. now!
Down on the ground.
I've been waiting for this moment.
That look on your face.
I win.
Hey.
Fuck.
How the fuck did y'all find us?
Why the fuck are the Russians after us?
Just forget all that a'ight? Are y'all okay?
We good. but answer
my fuckin' question.
What the fuck are y'all doing here?
Look. Janet said that noma
sent you to staten island.
And effie said vadim was here. too.
And then we heard that
Carter sent your ass here.
So you knew Carter was
after me this whole time?
Hell. no.
Thought you were coming after my spot.
When we figured it out.
we rushed over here.
So. noma and Carter set this shit up.
They fuckin' played us.
We was trying to get noma
and Carter to take each other out.
Yeah. now they working
together to take our asses out.
- Ain't that some shit?
- Fuckin' joke.
The fuck we gonna do now?
Well. fuck if they think
we dead. let's be dead.
That is fuckin' smart.
Gives us some time
to figure something out.
- Got your tool box?
- Yeah.
Go grab it quick.
My fiance hasn't received
the unfortunate news
that his mother is deceased. Why?
Yeah. it looks like the Russians
took their job a little bit
further than requested.
They lit monet's car on fire.
Now. there were two bodies found inside.
I assume those bodies
belong to monet and tariq.
But we're not gonna know for certain
until forensics comes back. so.
I don't want or need your assumptions.
We don't control forensics.
so for now. we just need to assume.
I expected more from you.
How do I say this?
Fuck your expectations.
I don't work for you.
Clearly.
'Cause if you did.
you'd better have proof that they're dead.
Because if they're not.
we're both fucked. mate.
Do we really gotta write
our own fucking vows?
This shit ain't really my strength.
This needs to convince ice.
What? Aren't I inspiration enough?
Of course. What's up?
Your mother is up to her old tricks.
which translates to her
absence at our upcoming nuptials.
Nah. nah.
she said she'll be there
and on her best behavior.
I'll call her. smooth things over.
Please don't.
We have eyes on us at this wedding.
Everything must be perfect.
All right. fuck it. You're right.
I'll talk to her after the wedding.
Okay. luv.
Talk soon.
Noma. Carter. fuckin' Nico.
I'm fuckin' tired of those motherfuckers
thinking they can stand against me.
I'm tariq St. fuckin' Patrick.
I killed my own fuckin' father.
And they think I won't
fuckin' take 'em out
without thinkin' twice?
Betrayal can be painful.
Betrayal requires trust. Davis.
I betrayed my fuckin' self.
Only person I could fuckin' trust is me.
All right. look. that-that's enough. okay?
We need to calm
ourselves down and think.
How can you come
up with a master plan
if your emotions are in charge tariq?
I need you to breathe.
Davis. I'm fuckin' breathin'.
Can't you see that?
The problem is that so are they.
I get that. and we'll get to that.
But for now. I need you to breathe.
I don't need a lesson
on how to fuckin' breathe.
I need an army.
So you with me or what?
It's time for Carter and noma to go.
You got a problem with that?
Ma. goin' after Carter is a death wish.
What the fuck you think they gonna do
when they find out I'm alive?
We gotta take them out first.
Look. I love you both.
and if it weren't for y'all.
I'd be dead right now.
I can't repay you for that loyalty.
Now. tariq could be here any minute.
so we could figure this shit out.
I want you all to stand with me.
But you're grown.
and capable of making
your own decisions.
Either way. it's all love.
Well. I got you. I'm in.
I'm with you. ma.
Thank you.
I love you.
Let's go do this shit.
I done know your big brain got a plan.
so. let's hear it.
Well. being that cane and noma
are getting married on Saturday.
I say that's the day
we take our shot at her.
They checkin' weapons at the door.
We gotta find another
way to get a gun in.
Nah. hell no.
I ain't takin' no shots at noma
with my son standin' next to her.
How you know cane
ain't workin' with noma?
He's my son. That's how the fuck I know.
So why isn't your fuckin' son
here figurin' this out with us?
Okay look. we don't think cane
knew about noma and
Carter's plan to take y'all out.
But. we can't count on
him to turn against noma.
Man. just kill the bitch before
she walks down the aisle.
And that's your legal advice?
That's risky as fuck.
Now you know there's gonna
be hell a witnesses there.
And she's gonna be
surrounded by her guards.
so. next plan.
A'ight. then we do it after the reception.
Cane and noma are
going to the lotte palace.
we can take the shot there.
What the fuck? Are y'all deaf?
I said I don't want him
nowhere near this shit
when it goes down.
All right. but we create
distance between the two.
Simple.
Diana'll follow them to the hotel.
she'll corner cane in the lobby.
I'll complain about monet.
Talk about family drama.
I know noma don't give a fuck about that.
so. she'll bounce.
Exactly. Dru will be upstairs waiting.
And detective Carter?
Dru. you know him best.
So how do we get at him?
We could get him
when he's doing
confession at St. Michael's.
He goes every Saturday at four.
And he's always in the
second to last confessional.
- Nice.
- Bet.
With dru and Diana at the wedding.
tariq. that means you'll
have to take out Carter.
Okay.
So what the fuck are
you gonna be doin'?
Well. Davis is gonna sit on noma. okay?
He'll distract her. so
that she's not onto us.
So you think you can just
march into a church by yourself
and kill a cop?
St. Michaels has tons of cameras.
- you gotta black 'em all out.
- Effie can handle that.
You said all hands on deck.
Where the fuck is your white boy?
And where are the rest of the hands?
I don't want him involved. all right.
Well. you ain't got a fuckin' choice.
Now. I'll be waitin' in back
of the church in a burner car.
You bring him out. we
throw his ass in the trunk.
you never hear from him again.
But you gonna need
Brayden and effie on board.
Just doesn't work without 'em.
So. what do you want?
'Cause y'all ain't ask me here to kick it.
Carter and noma tried to take
me and monet out last night.
- So now it's a fuckin' war.
- Again?
Yes. again.
I know you been tryin' to lay low
so you can sit this one out if you want.
Nah. fuck that. I want all the wars.
You held it down for me when Elle od'd.
I'm ready. Whatever the fuck you need.
All right. bet.
But that means I need
no fuckin' drugs. bro.
I need your mind clear.
Yeah. I got it. riq. I'm fine.
Look. I got shit to do.
so somebody please tell
me why the fuck I'm here.
All right. Carter's take down.
It's happening at a church
with a high end security
system and a guard.
I need the guard distracted
and the system taken down.
Why would I help you?
'Cause brushaundria
is ready to tell anyone
that's fuckin' listenin' to her
that you're headed to California.
Yeah. so we're gonna take out Carter.
Dru and Diana. they
gonna take out noma.
- Cane?
- Everyone but cane.
This means you need to keep a secret
from your little boyfriend.
Okay nigga. you asked me for help.
And if you want to go
there. then we can go there.
Because last time I
checked. Lauren was still alive.
and you got a baby on the way.
Yeah. it's funny. ain't it?
Listen. that's of the past. Okay?
You want a clean slate at Stanford. right?
Helping me do this. will help you do that.
What are you doin'?
This is crazy.
Like wild. Carter's a cop.
Yeah. and he's out of his fucking mind.
Bro. he's a thug with a
badge. What the fuck is new?
It's the fucking badge part. riq.
We've done worse. guys.
Have we?
Listen.
seems to me that as if
y'all want to just keep lookin'
over your shoulders for
noma for the rest of y'all life.
No. Definitely not.
Fuck it. fuck it. I'm in.
Noma. it appears there
were some signature lines
that were left unsigned.
I've tabbed where necessary.
Well. today is my wedding day.
Yes. which is why I need
those signatures now.
I really don't have time for this.
No. vadim isn't responding
and hasn't shown up to the drop.
Something is off. man.
Noma's gonna be pissed.
Hey my guy.
Look here.
Noma wants me to deliver
some paperwork to vadim.
It's a sensitive matter.
and she can't locate him.
So she asked that you
and I go check on him.
What are you talkin' about?
She got a call.
So I should have a talk with her.
Yeah. she's in a pissy mood.
I mean. if you want to end up like obi.
that's on you.
But me. I'm headed to look for vadim.
Y'all two stay with her.
Where are we?
It's the last place anyone saw vadim.
The Russians don't hang over here.
Come on. that don't mean
we don't have to check it out.
I fuckin' knew it.
Shit.
Your phone please.
So fuckin' extra.
Acting like they the
Obama's or some shit.
They wish.
We are gathered today.
to join noma asaju and Lorenzo tejada Jr.
In the union of marriage. Amen.
Lorenzo. do you take noma to
be your lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
Noma. do you take Lorenzo to
be your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
I now pronounce you. man and wife.
See you didn't need my help.
With that weak ass guard? No.
How are things your way?
Good.
Told all the church goers
that there were bedbugs
and they couldn't be out fast enough.
As for our priest friend over there.
probably got another hour. maybe two.
What's next?
We grab our popcorn.
I disabled the recording feature.
we just need to make sure
everything goes smooth.
- Brayden. what the fuck?
- What?
- Tariq said no drugs.
- Tariq says a lot of things.
What he doesn't know. won't hurt him.
- Want some?
- Fuck. no.
Fuckin' idiot.
You gotta do better than them
punk ass Russians. my guy.
Come on. get up. Let's go.
- Shit.
- Shut the fuck up.
Tariq St. Patrick.
It's so good to see
you on this side of town.
Since I know how much
you and Brayden Weston
love shitty Bronx
apartments with drug dealers.
You remember that one with Zion?
Shut the fuck up.
Man. he put an ass
whoopin' on you boys that day.
But. hey. you won the battle. right?
Right?
Yeah. Especially since. you know.
he ended up with a hole in his head.
How the fuck do you know about that?
Well. you know what? You're right.
That's my bad.
I forgot to mention that. well.
I got the whole thing on
video. so you're fucked.
Pull a gun on me?
In church?
You definitely going to hell.
Stay right there. Right there.
Put your hand behind your back.
Now. now!
- What the fuck!
- Let's go.
You should have stayed dead.
Walk!
Hello?
Tariq and monet are alive.
Expect company.
Sweetheart.
can you give me a
moment with your uncle?
Fuck. fuck.
It appears you may have a
problem with my new in-laws.
Such as?
They've been plotting against me.
If you see cane's mother.
shoot first and ask questions later.
And cane?
I don't think he's involved.
but if I find out otherwise.
- he'll be handled.
- Noma.
This is very untoward.
Chastise me later. Right
now I need your support.
Can you do that?
Of course.
- What the fuck happened?
- Carter arrested tariq.
I think he knew we were comin' for him.
Fuck. That mean that
bitch noma know somethin'.
Definitely knows. Carter called her.
Well. you should have led with that shit.
I gotta get over there.
Monet. you could be walking into a trap.
Fuck that! Those are my kids.
I'm not gonna let that bitch get to 'em.
Yo. come the fuck on!
Get your ass in the car.
I hit Davis. I just got to
wait for him to call us back.
He could fucking kill tariq.
So. what's your fucking plan?
Brayden.
What the fuck. Brayden?
What the fuck?
Are you with me?
Or are you with monet?
This is serious.
Why?
Let's not make a scene.
Ice is watching.
As is my brother.
Look around.
And your cousins.
The fuck is you doing?
We need to talk.
Yo.
Riq. riq. riq.
Wake the fuck up. riq.
B. what the fuck did we just do?
I don't know. this
motherfucker had us on tape.
We need a fucking plan.
Fuck you.
Shit.
Hey yo. just so we clear. my
team doesn't hear from me.
NYPD burns the city
down searching for me. so.
What the fuck you gonna do now. tariq?
- Get the fuck off me!
- Get off of her. man!
Fuck!
Fuck you lookin' at. bitch?
The fuck?
- Diana. you okay?
- Yes.
Okay. let's get the fuck out of here.
Come on. Come on. come on.
The fuck. ma?
The fuck is going on?
Noma find out we
was tryin' to kill her ass.
- How?
- Fuckin' Carter!
- Where's cane?
- He's still inside.
Where the fuck are your cousins?
Noma got 'em.
Y'all gotta get the fuck
out of here right now.
Ma. we not lettin' you
go in there by yourself.
She got a fuckin' army in there.
Look. listen to me. goddamn it.
No ma. you listen to us.
we're going in with you.
Tejadas first.
We'll go around back.
You take the fuckin' side.
If y'all get into any shit.
get the fuck out of there.
All right. come on. Let's go. Let's go.
You'll never be your own
man. until monet is gone.
Gone?
The fuck are you talkin' about?
She's been plotting against me.
fucking with our business.
She's a stone around our
necks. forcing us underwater
when we should be
soaring above the clouds.
Life is about choices. cane.
Now you can continue to choose monet.
or you can start a life with me today.
You know you need me. right?
I'm majority owner in your company.
without me. government
contracts don't work.
Which is why we're
having this conversation.
I'm offering you a partnership.
with the respect you deserve.
But I need to know
that you're truly with me.
Monet is my blood. She has my back.
Does she?
As far as I can tell.
all she does is
undermine and belittle you.
This is what you don't
fuckin' understand.
Growin' up the way I did.
a black kid in these streets
is fuckin' treacherous.
Niggas be out here hurtin' kids.
And when I couldn't protect myself.
monet is the only person.
the only one that was
there to protect me.
A'ight?
I'm never-I'm never
goin' against my mother.
So you said I do. but really. you don't
fuck you! Fuck you!
Noma. let's get this over with.
Fuck yourself. you cunt.
Cane chose you monet.
so he can fucking die with you.
Shoot him!
It's okay.
Wait. wait. wait.
Don't go.
Ma!
My. my babies.
Ma.
Okay. okay. It's okay.
Ma!
Get me out. Get me out.
Ma! Ma!
It's okay.
Ma! No. no.
My babies.
It's okay ma!
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait.
Ma!
Wait!
- Ma. get up. get up!
- Ma!
- Don't do this.
- Wake up.
Please don't.
Wake up mami. wake
up. wake up. wake up.
Ma. wait!
- Ma!
- My god. my god!
I'm sorry.
No! Ma!